feat: create 'add azure credential' article (#986)
devopness/devopness: docs/credentials/add-azure-credential.md

---
title: Add Azure Credential

> intro: In order to allow Devopness to manage Azure resources on your behalf, Service Principal credentials has to be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: In order to allow Devopness to manage Azure resources on your behalf, Service Principal credentials have to be provided.
```

1. Type the **Name** of the application
   - Tip: you might want to name the application as `devopness` to make it easier to track its activities
1. Select `Accounts in this organizational directory only` option in the **Supported account types**
1. Select `Web` in platform option in the **Redirect URI**
1. Click `Register`
1. Copy the `Application (client) ID` as the value of `client_id`
1. Copy the `Directory (tenant) ID` as the value of `tenant_id`
1. In the navigation pane on the left side, select `Certificates & secrets`
1. In the **Client secrets** tab, click `New client secret`
1. Type the **Description** of the client secret
1. Choose one option for **Expires** time
1. Click `Add`
1. Copy the `Value` of the client secret as the value of `client_secret`
1. In the search bar, type and select `Subscriptions`
1. Access one of the subscriptions in the list
1. Copy the `Subscription ID` as the value of `subscription_id`
1. In the navigation pane on the left side, select `Access control (IAM)`
1. In the navigation bar, click on `Add` and select `Add role assignment`
1. In the **Role - Privileged administrator roles** tab, select `Contributor` role
1. Click `Next`

> 1. In the **Members** tab, select `Select members`

Reviewer 2: I believe it would be more direct to guide the user to click a link instead of select the select members, repeating select.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/43a0e75e-fd4a-480b-b360-f021284187f3)

```suggestion
1. In the **Members** tab, click `Select members`
```

> 1. Type the name of **application** and select it

Reviewer 2: Type where?

I believe it would be useful to specify the expected input here

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/43676069-040f-40a8-a3e4-570d4f43feb8)

```suggestion
1. In the `Select members` search bar, type the name of **application** and select it
```

1. Click `Select` and click `Review + assign`

> 1. Ensure the correct **role** is selected, and the correct **application** is selected

Reviewer 2: I believe it is useful to remind explicitly the expected role; and instead of correct, using expected.

```suggestion
1. Ensure the **Role** `Contributor` and the expected **application** are selected
```
